Add Github OAuth samples configuration in README.md (#213)
short-d/short: README.md

### Create reCAPTCHA account
[Create ReCAPTCHA account](http://www.google.com/recaptcha/admin)

### Create Github OAuth Application

> 1. Register in [Github OAuth](https://github.com/settings/developers) with this following examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register in [Github OAuth](https://github.com/settings/developers) with the following configurations:
```

> 1. Register in [Github OAuth](https://github.com/settings/developers) with the following configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register at [Github OAuth](https://github.com/settings/developers) with the following configurations:
```

| Field                      | Value                                                    |
| -------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Application Name           | `short`                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Application Name           | `Short`                                                  |
```

| Homepage URL               | `https://s.time4hacks.com`                               |
| Application description    | `URL shortening service written in Go and React`         |

> | Authorization callback URL | `https://s.time4hacks.com/oauth/github/sign-in/callback` |

Reviewer: I wonder whether we want to change `https://s.time4hacks.com` to `http://localhost` in order to easy local testing.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, agreed

2. Once you have registered the application, you should get `Client ID` and `Client Secret`

> 3. Now you can copy the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` into their respective places in the `.env` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Now you can copy the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` into their respective locations in the `.env` file
```
